these female sea lions mated a year ago
the fertilized egg fixed itself to the
womb war
tapped the mothers blood supply and grew
month after month now that long
development is over and the labor of
entering the outside world has begun
the membranes that held the fluid within
which the infant swam while it was
within its mother's body still partially
enclosed
for all mammal babies the shock of
leaving the warm totally protected Haven
of a mother's body and entering the
harsh relatively cold danger filled
world outside is inevitably traumatic
baby antelopes whose parents have to
travel continuously to find food must be
as fully developed as possible for they
need to walk within hours groggy
though they may be
chinchillas are born in the high Andes
their world is a very cold one their
mothers make no nests for them so they
are born fully furred were they not they
might freeze to death
hyena babies need not be so advanced for
they're born within a den where their
powerful mother has little difficulty in
defending them so she can get rid of
their bulk and weight while they're
still at an early stage of their
development as soon as they emerge like
all young mammals they must find their
mothers teat and start to suckle
you